# CS60050 - MACHINE LEARNING ASSIGNMENT - 1: DECISION TREES

- This file contains the instructions to setup this project on your system.
- It also contains the brief overview about the additional files generated when you execute the code. 
- Please go through it once to get familiarised with the meaning of those additionally generated files.


## Authors:
1. Aaditya Agrawal (19CS10003)
2. Debanjan Saha (19CS30014)


## Project Setup for Linux OS

> Make sure you have virtualenv installed in your system
```
sudo apt install virtualenv
```
> Make an environment
```
virtualenv env
```

> Activate the environment
```
source env/bin/activate
```

> Install Python Dependencies for this project
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

> Install Graphviz Software
```
sudo apt-get install graphviz
```

> Run the code 
```
python3 solution.py 
```

## Directory Structure: 

#### ./Source Code/
- dataset.csv       : Dataset For our Decision Tree 
- model.py          : Model for Decision Tree Nodes
- util.py           : Helper Functions For Performing Various Operations on the dataset and the decision tree. 
- solution.py       : Solution of the questions as asked in the assignment specifications.
- analysis.ipynb    : Analysis of the dataset using pandas.  

#### ./

- question3_1.png   : Plot of Accuracy vs Depth of Decision Tree Generated by us.

- question3_2.png   : Plot of Accuracy vs Number of Nodes of Decision Tree by us.

- pruned_tree.gv.pdf: Pruned Tree after Getting the tree with highest test accuracy from question 2 by us.

- report.pdf        : Report for our assignment.

## Files Generated After executing the Code:

- question3_1.png    : Plot of Accuracy vs Depth of Decision Tree.

- question3_2.png    : Plot of Accuracy vs Number of Nodes of Decision Tree.

- pruned_tree.gv.pdf : Pruned Tree after Getting the tree with highest test accuracy from question 2.